1) When would you want to create a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?
  There are many reasons for this but the main reasons are the following:
    - sharing my work with others
    - create a backup of my work

2) Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?
  I would like to control what is made public. I might still be trying out things and I might still be working on the changes.

3) Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?
  branch: creates a new 'direction' of your repository without terminating the old 'direction'. Work can be done on both branches
  individually and they can be merged later on if required.
  clone: a clone is a copy of a repository on GitHub to the a local place. It's a GitHub terminology.
  fork: creates a copy of an existing repository on GitHub which allows to trace back to the original repository

4) What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?
   I can work offline.

5) How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?
  I would have to send around zip files with all my files. This would make it somehow more controlled, but much more
  time consuming and if several people are working on the same project, it would be very difficult to keep track of
  the changes and to figure out what is really the 'master'.

6) When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master? What benefits does each approach have?
  For easy and straight forward changes I might decide to do the changes directly in master since it's quicker and no merging etc.
  would be necessary later on. However, if the changes are more complex or I want to try out things or several people are working on
  the same project, I would decide to go for different/new branche(s) in order to keep the master branch running without any interruption.
  Once everybody is satisfied with the changes, these can be merged.
